By focusing on building an audience first and defining products and
services second, an entrepreneur can change the rules of the game and
significantly increase the odds of financial and personal success.
building a loyal audience directly, gives you the best
understanding of what products ultimately make the most sense to sell

Simply put, the entrepreneur needs to uncover a content area that the
business model will be based around. To make this happen, we need to
identify a “sweet spot” that will attract an audience over time. This sweet
spot is the intersection of a knowledge or skill set (something the
entrepreneur or business has a competency in) and a passion area
(something the entrepreneur or business feels is of great value to him or her
personally or to society at large).

In that same year, research conducted by Dr. Gail Matthews from
Dominican University of California showed that people who wrote down
their goals, shared with a friend, and sent weekly updates to that friend were
on average 33 percent more successful in accomplishing their stated goals
than those who merely formulated goals.

I’ve found that those two daily behaviors I mentioned
have likely made all the difference: writing down my goals and consistently
reviewing those goals.

Great content marketers do two things
differently from the restThey document their content marketing strategy in some way (written,
electronic, etc.) (see Figure 1.1).
They review and consistently refer to the plan on a regular basis

Read the book "The 10x Rule"

As you move into building a Content Inc. model, there are two critical
things to start thinking about. The first is what the legal entity for the
business should be. In our U.S. examples, it seems the most popular legal
model is the creation of an LLC (limited liability company) taxed as an S
corporation (see a professional legal consultant for advice on your
situation). The second is hiring a virtual assistant. If you are going to make
Content Inc. work for you, you need to be focused on the business.
Offloading calls and scheduling to someone else is not a “nice-to-have,” but
critical. Two resources to check out are Chris Ducker (http://cmi.media/CI-
virtualstaff) and Jess Ostroff (http://cmi.media/CI-dontpanic), who both
offer highly recommended virtual assistant services.


1. Skill/Knowladge +(intersection) Passion 

we need to identify the
“who.” Who is the audience for your content? Remember, for the Content
Inc. model to work, we need to figure out how we can build the engine that
positions us as the leading informational expert in our particular market
niche

We want to define our audience as specifically as possible.
Ask the following questions:
1. Who is he or she? How does this person live an average day?

2. What’s the person’s need? This is not “Why does the person need our
product or service?” but “What are his or her informational needs and
pain points as they relate to the stories we will tell?”
3. Why will this person care about us, our products, our services? It’s the
information provided to him or her that will make that person care or
garner attention.
Wrapping the sweet spot with a specific audience will bring
your sweet spot to life.

3.find some uniqe spot in the type of content you want to create.
if you don’t have the business goal of being number one in your market, you’ll never make it.The same goes for your Content Inc. goals
Let’s say someone rounded up all your content and placed it in a box, like it
never existed. Would anyone miss it? Would you leave a gap in the
marketplace?
If the answer to this is no, then we’ve got a problem, Houston.

4.Welcome to Inc.com, the place where entrepreneurs and business
owners can find useful information, advice, insights, resources and
inspiration for running and growing their businesses.
Inc.’s mission statement includes:
The core target audience: Entrepreneurs and business owners.
The material that will be delivered to the audience: Useful information,
advice, insights, resources, and inspiration.
The outcome for the audience: Running and growing their businesses.
Note that nowhere in the mission statement is Inc. talking about how it
makes money.
Previous to ProBlogger I started a camera review blog that was my
first commercial sort of blog and that had gotten to the point where it
was full-time, but it wasn’t a very satisfying blog to write. My readers
would come for one day to research a certain camera and then
disappear and never come back. So I always had this dissatisfaction
with it that I wasn’t actually building a community

One of the most underutilized marketing tools on the planet is Google
Trends. It is your job to leverage this tool to unearth your content tilt.
If you focus on listening to customers first and selling second, it will
open up amazing new opportunities to position your company.
Sometimes to find your content tilt, you need to do the work. Perfection
is unattainable with content, so if you have stalled your plans until you
find the right tilt, the best prescription may be to just begin the creation
process.

5.Over the long term,
you’ll be distributing your content through a number of channels (see Part
5, “Harvesting Audience”), but right now you need to make a decision
about the “core” channel.
You need to consider two major questions when making this decision:
What channel offers the best opportunity to reach my target audience?
(Reach)
What channel gives me the most control over presenting my content and
building my audience? (Control)
THE SAFEST BET
You can even look at a traditional publisher like the New York Times
or Time magazine. They are all very good at leveraging social channels and
building an audience on those channels, but they don’t build their main
platform on social channels.
In every case, they build websites or print properties (both with
subscribers) that they can own and control
