Imagine you want to meet the president of Coca-Cola. If we sent out an email
today and tried to meet him, we probably could, but it would require cashing in
on a few chits, opportunity cost, time, and a lot of our social capital. But when
you know someone who has already built trust with the president—and they
already TRUST YOU—you can cut time and energy.


Imagine you want to meet the president of Coca-Cola. If we sent out an email
today and tried to meet him, we probably could, but it would require cashing in
on a few chits, opportunity cost, time, and a lot of our social capital. But when
you know someone who has already built trust with the president—and they
already trust you—you can cut time and energy.

You want the community you build to have depth. Meaning, if you want to be
seen as a leader in the hospitality sector, you shouldn’t just go out and make
friends with every bartender in your city (although that’s a great way to save
money on cocktails). Instead, you want to tap into and build relationships within
multiple subsectors inside the hospitality world: chefs, foodies, and restaurant
owners; startups developing apps that support the hospitality world; and, yes,
don’t forget the bartenders, too.

What is your goal for building a stronger sense of community around
yourself? Career advancement? Okay, great. Except how do you define “career
advancement”? And what specific role do you want? In what industry(s) are you
thinking? How much money do you want to make? What kind of community is
this going to be? Structured or unstructured? Formal or informal? Is it an
invitation-only experience, or is it open to anyone? Who are the people you need
around you so the community takes shape? And how and where do you meet
them?

No matter what your skill level, you need to work within preestablished groups
or communities or through those that are associated with or that run such formal
or informal groups in order to eventually build your own. Being a part of other
people’s groups—preestablished groups, meet-ups, professional organizations—
before creating your own is smart, because you draw your anchors from them.


Levy, if you recall, began by inviting a group of people to his house to cook
dinner together. That was a formal event. He then asked them to recommend
other guests. Those people—the ones who were recommended—went to dinner,
and he then asked them for referrals. And so on. YOU CAN DO THIS VIA PARTICIPATING IN HACKATHONS

wear a lets talk tshirt

whenever throwing a event , make a whatsapp group in advance so people know that 

“I joined
Twitter in its early days; it became an invaluable networking tool throughout my
career,” he says. “It’s an equalizer. I was nineteen years old, and I’d follow these
big-name CEOs and read their blogs. I’d then respond to them on Twitter,
asking a question or challenging a statement, and start a thoughtful conversation.
They had no idea how young or unimportant I was. They’d respond, and I’d get
to connect with people I had no business interacting with.”

Staying top of mind—that is, remaining relevant—is a Superconnector’s bread
and butter. If someone has a problem that needs solving, you want to be the first
person they call. At YEC, if someone is struggling with, say, a personnel issue,
we want them to say, “Oh, let me talk to Scott or Ryan!” When that has
occurred, it means you’ve become a part of that person’s utility belt. You’re the
go-to person. The person they absolutely must reach out to before making a
move. This is an excellent position to be in

“What we see with failed givers is that they try to help all the people all the
time with all the requests, and they end up sacrificing their own success, as they
devote so much time and energy to helping others that they fall behind on their
own work,”

“Those people don’t even know what they want. They just have enough free
time on their hands that they want to meet people,” he says. “I know I’m
responding in a way that is true to who I want to be and with a reply that is
consistent with how I want to reply.”

So, say you’re looking to meet a person at a particular company. If you’ve
done your due diligence and you know for a fact that the decision maker you’re
trying to reach is Paul, then you ask for him and explain why. But rather than
saying, “Can you introduce me to Paul Smith at XYZ Company?” you say, “I’m
looking to learn what decision makers at enterprise companies in the X industry
are looking for when assessing new vendors, so I can better prepare our
business’s marketing and pitch materials. I know you work with a number of
these companies daily. Do you know someone who is a midlevel or senior
manager with decision-making ability who might be able to spare fifteen
minutes?”
Be concise: If you can’t make it clear in thirty seconds what you are looking for
and why in a simple, straightforward, and concise manner, don’t say anything at
all. You should lead with what you are trying to achieve—what the result you
are looking for is and not the means by which you want to get there.

One of Scott’s most hated questions is
“Do you know the CEO of X Company?” That’s because it assumes that the top
dog is always the right dog, when most times it’s the wrong person

I don’t know what field you’re in, but when I was in law school, it was SUPER common to do “informational interviews”

Step 1: Go onto LinkedIn and search for alums from the same school(s) you went to, who also work in the area/field you aspire to work in

Step 2: Research them thoroughly. Find out if they have previously worked or interned at an organization that you would like to work at some day

Step 3: Find their email address though your alumni network, through their website/profile on their company’s website, or use LinkedIn messaging to ask them for an informational interview. Something along the lines of “Hi, I’m a student at/alumnus of X school. I found you through our alumni services network. I am aspiring to work in Y field after graduation, and I would love to buy you coffee sometime and talk about what it’s like to be a Z field/job (e.g. employment lawyer, plumber, etc), and how you ended up in your current position.”

Step 4: Dress nicely, but not too formally. I would say business casual or dressy casual is good. Arrive 10 minute early. Have a list of questions prepared, but try to not be robotic. Ask them how they got to where they are today. Tell them about your background and ask them for any advice on improvements you can make in the future to increase your chances of getting to work in their field one day.

Step 5: While they are talking about themselves, keep an eye out for opportunities to meet more people. For instance, let’s say in your research, you found out that they used to work as an accountant for X Fortune 500 company. When they are talking about their career path, and they mention X, jump in (without being rude/interrupting) and mention that working at X is a dream job of yours. Ask if they can connect you with anyone who currently works there (via an introductory email).

Step 6: Don’t waste too much of their time. Informational interviews should last generally 15-30 minutes. After the interview, follow up with a thank you email, including thanking them for taking the time to meet with you, and thanking them for agreeing to introduce you to someone who works at X company (just to remind them to do so).

Step 7: For the people that you interview who you truly want to work with/for, try to keep in touch with them (but don’t be annoying or repetitive).

Step 8: When it comes time to look for a job, email them and say something like “I recently graduated and I am currently looking for a job. After speaking with you and hearing more about your company and position, it seems like your company’s culture would be a great fit for me. If any job openings come up, I would appreciate it if you would keep me in mind.”

become a good coder then ask people from mdg space and sds labs to go to hackathons with them , and try to take as many people as possible with you



ACTUALL WORK STARTS NOW , FOR NOW I AM ONLY INTERSTED IN CONNECTING WITH PEOPLE OF MY COLLAGE 

1. WHAT KIND OF PEOPLE DO I NEED TO STAY AWAY WITH (this does not mean i will rude to them or not behave nicely with them , this means i will be nice to them but i will not spend very time with them)
	1. PEOPLE WITH NO GREAT AMBITION
	2. PEOPLE WHO ARE CURROPTED FROM INSIDE
	3. (DSA/ALGO + CGPA) PEOPLE
	4. PEOPLE WHO DO "GAPP" ALL THE TIME 
	WE ARE DOING THIS BECAUSE I ONLY HAVE LIMITED TIME TO CONNECT WITH PEOPLE , AND I WOULD NOT LIKE TO WASTE IT ON SUCH PEOPLE. 
	
2. WHAT KIND OF PEOPLE DO I NEED TO STAY WITH 
	1. PROGRAMMING , FINANCE , CONSULTING, MARKETING PEOPLE 
	3. people running their companies 
	
3. WHERE DO I FIND THESE PEOPLE WHOM I WANT TO CONNECT WITH 

	1. TECH , FINANCE , SHARE 
	2. LINKEDIN
	
4. HOW WILL YOU CONNECT WITH PEOPLE IN CLUBS?
	1. TECH CLUBS :- GO TO HACKATHONS WITH THEM 
	2. SHARE PEOPLE :- YOU ARE IN THE CLUBS SO ITS NOT A PROBLEM
	3. FINANCE PEOPLE :- YOU CAN WORK ON SOMETHING WITH A FINANCE GUY AND THEN SIT IN FINANCE OFFICE AND WORK ON YOUR IDEA , SO PEOPLE IN FINANCE CLUB WILL KNOW YOU THAT OK , HE WORKS IN TECH.',and you 	 can do this with all the clubs 
	4. Linkeding :- buy them a coffee and have informational inteviews
	
5. What Value will you offer to these people indivisually?

	1. Tech People :- i can help them with finance or consulting , also i can be a partner to hackathons.
	2. Finance People :- I can help them with tech. 
	3. STARTUP PEOPLE :- I CAN WORK FOR THEM OR DO SOME CONSULTING FOR THEM. 



	
